This girl is gentle as a lamb in front of Mr. Miller, and as soon as Mr. Miller leaves,
she throws her true colors.
Hmm, Auntie, I'm hungry.
Can you make me something to eat?
Hi, I'm at Alice's Place.
I miss the old days, hang out with him as a little girl.
Miss, what about it?
He's been shoulder all along.
What do you fancy about him?
Do you need a reason to like someone?
Anyway, I've been thinking about being Alice's bride
since I was a little girl, you know?
And I'm not going to marry anyone.
You can just point out where my performance is not up to scratch.
I'll try hard to meet your expectations.
Did I say you're not performing?
Then what did you mean, Alice?
Here you are.
You think just because you want it, you'll be my bride?
Let me repeat this.
If you don't want to disgrace the Garcia family,
you better put away your fancy ideas.